Baseline management doc and images added (#3005)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/visual-testing/workflows/baseline-management.md

---
sidebar_label: Baseline Management (BETA)
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

# Baseline Management

The Baseline Management feature lets you oversee the approved visual snapshots from your tests.
It allows you to track visual regressions through time and check baselines for different branches and projects.
Additionally, you can view the baseline history, download images, and view associated build details.

> While logged in to Sauce Labs, navigate to this feature by clicking the "Visual -> Baselines" in the side navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While logged in to Sauce Labs, you can access this feature by clicking "Visual -> Baselines" in the side navigation.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/sauce-visual/baselines-navigation.jpg')} alt="Baselines navigation item" />

## Baselines Page

The Baselines page allows you to view all accepted snapshots in a project and branch.
Select a Project at the top and then Branch to view baselines.
If these are not set for your tests, all baselines will be displayed together under the `(not set)` option.

You can further filter baselines by OS, browser, or device. Options to sort and group are also available.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/sauce-visual/baselines-page.jpg')} alt="Baselines page results" />

## Baseline History View

Baseline History allows you to view and manage historical snapshots of a single test baseline.
This view opens after you click on any snapshot from the Baselines page.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/sauce-visual/baseline-history.jpg')} alt="Baseline history view displaying a snapshot with list of changes in time" />

> Once inside Baseline History view, you can perform the following actions by clicking the `...` button on any item in the list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once inside the Baseline History view, you can perform the following actions by clicking the `...` button on any item in the list:
```
